Add examples for requireOwner() (#317)
tact-lang/tact-docs: pages/cookbook/access.mdx

    }

    receive("inc") {

>         self.requireOwner(); // Pretty much the same as:
>         //require(self.owner == sender(), "Only the owner can increase the value!");

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        self.requireOwner(); // throws exit code 132 if the sender isn't an owner
```

        self.val += 1;
    }

    receive(msg: FooBarMsg) {

>         self.requireOwner(); // Pretty much the same as:
>         // require(self.owner == sender(), "Only the owner can set the value!");

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        self.requireOwner(); // throws exit code 132 if the sender isn't an owner
```
